A good thing is not as good as nothing
The obstacle is the way
Moo
You should sit for yourself and persist sitting to the very end
You must walk slowly and quietly. Walk as if you're standing still.
Weeding is not done in an attempt to get rid of all the weeds. It's natural that weeds grow and people pull them; it's equally natural that weeds grow back. The point is not to get rid of weeds once and for all, but to carry out the simple repetitive action of pulling them.
Be patient, everything happens in the right moment
Seasons all come in their turn
When desires are cut off, the true self appears
Washing rice, eating pickles and cooking radish are not only culinary arts but also forms of ascetic discipline
Solely pursue the truth by practising Buddhism. Don't forget that commitment is for a lifetime
Nothing lasts, nothing is finished, nothing is perfect
The practice of Zen requires three essentials: great faith, great doubt and great determination. Lack any of these and you are like a three legged couldron with one leg broken off.
Do not srive to be like a string connecting a series of beads, we must become each bead - Hakuin
Lets all walk eachother home - Ram Dass
Delusions are inexhaustable, I vow to overcome them
Hell is not punishment, it is training - Shunryu Suzuki
Dharma gates are countless, I vow to enter them
Start walking accoring to your ability and do not speculate whether the Way is long or short
The Way is not difficult, just avoid picking and choosing
Be not for or against
There is a trace of realisation than cannot be grasped. We endlessly express the ungraspable trace of realisation.
Beings are inumerable, I vow to serve them
The Buddha way is supreme, I vow to realise it
Should you desire the Great Peace, prepare to sweat white beads - Hakuin
Look directly! What is this? Look in this manner and you won't be fooled! - Bassui
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring comes and the grass grows by itself - Basho
You are bound to become a Buddha if you practice, if water drops long enough even rocks wear through, it's not true thick skulls can't be pierced, people just imagine their minds are hard.
Drop deluded thought
Moo
Vunerability is power
The way out is in
Not knowing is the most intimate
Stay sharp, mind like a bright flame
Hiding behind the eyes, a vast emptiness lies, waiting for your demise
Be not for or against
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, in the expert's mind there are few - Shunryu Suzuki
There is not way to happiness, happiness is the way
Stop.
He who knows other is learned, he who knows himself is wise - Lao Tzu
Be the parent of the moment
Cut through delusions
Open
Remember
You are the One experiencing itself
Unify the mind
Nothing is as it seems
Be open to being wrong about everything
Make the fire go down and the water go up
Always go down as much as you go up
Involution and Evolution dancing harmoniously
Represent the void
Just see the Perfection
Your involvement here is not necessary
Mind like a mirror
Ride the bull
Abandon all hope
Bliss cognising emptiness arises as compassion
Complete trust in the healing power of emptiness
Enlightenment is the ego's biggest disappointment
Not taking full responsibility for your experience is the only thing that can derail you in your journey
